BRIERRE, CHAIRPERSON OF THE
ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS, THE
ZONING BOARD OF APPEALS IS A
NINE PERSON VOLUNTEER BOARD
NOMINATED BY THE MAYOR AND
APPROVED BY CITY COUNCIL.
FIRST WE WILL HEAR FROM
PLANNING SERVICES REPRESENTED
TONIGHT BY JOHN BARRETT.
THEN THE APPLICANT OR THEIR
REPRESENTATIVE WILL MAKE THEIR
PRESENTATION.
APPLICANTS WILL HAVE FIVE
MINUTES IN WHICH TO MAKE THEIR
PRESENTATION.
STAFF WILL KEEP TIME AND WILL
ANNOUNCE WHEN 30 SECONDS ARE
REMAINING PUBLIC COMMENT IS
AVAILABLE IN PERSON OR
REMOTELY.
WE WILL FIRST CALL AND
INDIVIDUALS PRESENT TO ADDRESS
THE BOARD THEN REMOTE
PARTICIPANTS TO SPEAK DURING A
PUBLIC HEARING OR DURING PUBLIC
COMMENT REMOTELY PRESS NINE IF
LISTENING BY PHONE OR USE THE
RAISED HAND FEATURE IF VIEWING
THROUGH THE WEBLINK FOR PHONE
ACCESS CALL SEVEN EIGHT FIVE
THREE FIVE TO FOUR SEVEN AND
ENTER MEETING IDY NINE THREE
EIGHT ONE SIX FOUR EIGHT ONE
ZERO ZERO SEVEN CITY STAFF WILL
SELECT CALLERS THAT HAVE RAISED
THEIR HAND USING THE LAST THREE
DIGITS OF YOUR PHONE NUMBER OR
BY NAME IF AVAILABLE FOR THOSE
ACCESSING THROUGH THE WEBLINK
YOU WILL HEAR AN AUTOMATED
ANNOUNCEMENT THAT THE HOST IS
ALLOWING YOU TO SPEAK WHEN
SPEAKING PLEASE MOVE TO A QUIET
AREA AND MUTE ANY TELEVISION OR
BACKGROUND SOUNDS.
WE MAY ASK QUESTIONS OF EITHER
THE CITY OR THE APPLICANT.
WE WILL ACKNOWLEDGE ANY WRITTEN
COMMENTS RECEIVED BY THE BOARD.
WE WILL ALLOW AN OPINION PARTY
TO EXPRESS THEIR SUPPORT OR
OBJECTIONS.
THE BOARD WILL THEN DISCUSS THE
APPEAL AND FORMULATE A MOTION
TO APPROVE THE APPEAL.
FIVE AFFIRMATIVE VOTES OF THE
BOARD WILL BE REQUIRED FOR AN
APPEAL TO BE GRANTED.
FINALLY, ANY QUALIFIED PARTY
WHO IS AGGRIEVED BY A DECISION
OF THE BOARD CAN APPEAL THAT
DECISION TO THE WASHTENAW
COUNTY CIRCUIT COURT ON A
TIMELY BASIS.
ROLL CALL CANDICE BREYER.
I AM HERE TO GRANT DAVE HAVARTI
GIVATI HERE CHRIS MADDIGAN HERE
SADIR A CLERK GRACE WHITNEY
HERE MIKE DANIEL DHARMA HERE.
CHRISTINA GUZIK WE HAVE A
QUORUM.
BEFORE WE GO ANY FURTHER I'LL
MAKE AN ANNOUNCEMENT.
YEAH SO I'M I'M JOHN BARRETT,
ZONING COORDINATOR FOR THE CITY
VANOVER UNFORTUNATELY TONIGHT
WE HAVE A COUPLE OF PEOPLE OUT
DUE TO ILLNESS AND OUT OF TOWN
ON BUSINESS SO WE HAVE A QUORUM
.
WE HAVE FIVE MEMBERS PRESENT
BUT THAT MEANS YOU'LL HAVE TO
IN ORDER TO GET A CONFIRMED
VOTE ON YOUR PETITION, YOU'LL
HAVE TO RECEIVE ALL FIVE VOTES
IN THE AFFIRMATIVE.
YOU HAVE THE OPTION TO POSTPONE
TO NEXT MONTH WHICH WOULD BE
THE APRIL TWENTY FOURTH MEETING
IF YOU CHOOSE TO DO SO AT THAT
TIME.
IF YOU DON'T FEEL LIKE YOU WANT
TO MOVE FORWARD WITH YOUR
APPLICATION, YOUR PETITION DUE
THE FACT THAT YOU'VE GOT TO GET
FIVE OUT OF FIVE AT THIS TIME
IS THERE ANYONE WHO FEELS LIKE
THEY MIGHT WANT TO POSTPONE
TILL NEXT MONTH BUT WE CAN ASK
YOU TO DO A WELL WE COULD SEE
FOR SIX EIGHTEEN STRATFORD OK,
SURE GO AHEAD AND YOU CAN ALSO
LET US KNOW AS YOUR PETITION
COMES UP TO SO ALL RIGHT.
WE'LL MOVE FORWARD WITH THE
REST OF THE AGENDA THANKS TO
APPROVAL OF THE AGENDA.
DO WE HAVE ANY QUESTIONS,
COMMENTS, CHANGES TO THE AGENDA
?
IF NOT, DO I HAVE A MOTION?
THANK YOU SUPPORT.
THANK YOU CHRIS.
ALL IN FAVOR OF A POST MOVING
ON TO MINUTES.
WE HAVE MINUTES FROM THE
FEBRUARY TWENTY EIGHTH TWENTY
TWENTY FOUR ZEBB AA MEETING.
ARE THERE ANY QUESTIONS OR
COMMENTS OR CORRECTIONS TO
THOSE MINUTES IF NOT DO HAVE A
MOTION TO APPROVE THE FIVE
MINUTES.
SO THANK YOU CHRIS.
THANK YOU GRACE IN FAVOR I
OPPOSED THANK YOU MINUTES I
APPROVED MOVING ON TO PUBLIC
HEARINGS WE HAVE FIRST PETITION
A TWENTY FOUR DASH ZERO ZERO
ZERO ONE TWELVE NINETY FOUR
JEWETT AVENUE JUMP.
I'M JOHN ZONING COORDINATOR FOR
THE CITY VANOVER THE FIRST
PETITION THIS EVENING IS
LOCATED AT TWELVE NINETY FOUR
JEWETT AVENUE.
JEFFREY WINES, THE PROPERTY
OWNER IS SEEKING A VARIANCE
OF SIXTY THREE SQUARE FEET FROM
CHAPTER FIFTY FIVE TABLE FIVE
POINT SEVENTEEN DASH ONE SINGLE
FAMILY RESIDENTIAL ZONING
DISTRICTS LOT AREA MINIMUM THE
PROPERTY ZONED R ONE BE SINGLE
FAMILY RESIDENTIAL AND IS
NINETEEN THOUSAND NINE HUNDRED
AND THIRTY SEVEN SQUARE FEET
AND AREA PARCELS ON THE R-1 BE
DISTRICT REQUIRE A MINIMUM AREA
OF TEN THOUSAND SQUARE FEET.
THE VARIANCE IF GRANTED WILL
ALLOW FOR APPROVAL THE LAND
DIVISION AND THE CREATION
OF ONE NINE THOUSAND NINE
HUNDRED THIRTY SEVEN SQUARE
FOOT PARCEL AND ONE TEN
THOUSAND SQUARE FOOT CASTLE.
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS LOCATED
ON THE SOUTH SIDE OF YOU.
WHAT AVENUE DIRECTLY ACROSS THE
STREET FROM THE CLINIC KLEIN
LAURA PRIVATE DAY SCHOOL THERE
IS A ONE BEDROOM, ONE BATH
EIGHT HUNDRED AND EIGHTY TWO
SQUARE FOOT HOME ON THE
PROPERTY CURRENTLY THE HOME WAS
CONSTRUCTED IN NINETEEN TWENTY
THE OWNER HAS STATED THAT THE
EXISTING HOME WILL REMAIN THERE
THAT WILL REMAIN AND THERE ARE
NO PLANS OTHER PLANS TO
CONSTRUCT A NEW PRIMARY
RESIDENCE IN THE BACK LOT THAT
WILL BE CREATED WITH THE
VARIANCE IS GRANTED THE
EXISTING DETACHED GARAGE WILL
BE DEMOLISHED TO ACCOMMODATE
THE REQUIRED 30 FOOT ACCESS
EASEMENT TO THE NEWLY
CREATED REAR LOT.
IF YOU'LL TURN YOUR ATTENTION
TO THE MONITORS, THE FIRST
SLIDE IS THE ZONING AND
LOCATION MAP.
YOU SEE THE HIGHLIGHTED PARCEL
IN BLUE AT THE CENTER OF YOUR
SCREEN AND THE SOUTH SIDE
OF JEWITT PACKARD ROAD TO THE
EAST AND SOUTH INDUSTRIAL
HIGHWAY TO THE WEST.
THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE AERIAL
MAP SHOWING SURROUNDING
PROPERTIES AND CURRENT
CONDITIONS AND THE NEXT SLIDE
IS THE ZOOMED IN AERIAL PHOTO
OF THE SUBJECT PROPERTY AND ITS
CURRENT CONFIGURATION.
THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE IS THE
SURVEY THAT WAS SUBMITTED TO
THE APPLICATION.
YOU SEE ITS CURRENT
CONFIGURATION OF NINETEEN
THOUSAND NINE THIRTY SEVEN
SQUARE FEET AND THE GARAGE AND
THE HOUSE AND THE NEXT SLIDE IS
THE PROPOSED LAND DIVISION
SURVEY.
YOU CAN SEE THAT THE GARAGE
WILL BE DEMOLISHED ALLOWING FOR
THE 30 FOOT ACCESS EASEMENT ON
THE WEST SIDE OF THE LOT TO
ACCESS THE BACK PARCEL WHICH IS
TO BE TEN THOUSAND SQUARE FEET
AND THEN THE SIXTY THREE SQUARE
FOOT VARIANCE REQUEST FOR THE
FRONT PARCEL.
THIS IS THE CONCEPT THAT WAS
SUBMITTED BY THE APPLICANT
OF THE PROPOSED HOME TO BE
BUILT IN THE BACK.
THESE ARE THE PHOTOS THAT I
TOOK AND MY SITE INSPECTION.
YOU SEE THE EXISTING HOME ON
THE LEFT AND THE GARAGE ON THE
RIGHT.
THIS IS DIRECTLY BEHIND THE
EXISTING HOUSE AND THE REST
OF THE LOT LOOKING SOUTH.
THIS IS TURNING AROUND LOOKING
BACK OUT TOWARDS JEWITT, THE
REAR FACADES OF THE EXISTING
STRUCTURES.
THIS IS JUST A PHOTO OF THE
PROPERTY TO DIRECTLY TO THE
EAST AND YOU CAN SEE THE
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE HOUSE
AND THE NEXT DOOR LOT AND THEIR
GARAGE LOOKING DIRECTLY TO THE
WEST OF THE EXISTING PROPERTY
IN THE NEW CONSTRUCTION OF A
NEW HOME GOING IN NEXT DOOR AND
THAT CONCLUDES MY PRESENTATION.
I'LL TAKE ANY QUESTIONS YOU
HAVE AT THIS TIME.
THANK YOU, JOHN.
ANY QUESTIONS, JOHN?
IS THERE ANY INPUT FROM ANY
OF THE OTHER DEPARTMENTS LIKE
ENGINEERING OR I KNOW THERE'S
MINIMUM THAT SIZES THE DENHA
THAT HAVE BEEN ESTABLISHED FOR
A REASON AND I JUST WANT TO
MAKE SURE THERE'S NOT SOMETHING
THAT WE'RE MISSING I GUESS BY
ALLOWING A LOT TO BE SMALLER
THAN NO NO I RECEIVED ANY INPUT
FROM ANY PROPERTY OR ANY OTHER
DEPARTMENTS.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR JOHN
BECAUSE I HAVEN'T GOT TIME.
SO LOOKING AT THE LOOKING AT
THE AERIAL MAP, IT LOOKS TO ME
LIKE THERE ARE ALREADY AT LEAST
THREE PARCELS TO THE EAST THAT
WOULD ALSO BE NONCONFORMING IN
TERMS OF THEIR SQUARE FOOTAGE.
IS THAT NOT CORRECT OR ARE
THOSE JUST THE WAY THEY'RE
CONFIGURED?
THEY'RE STILL TEN THOUSAND
SQUARE FEET.
THEY'RE WHICH ONES TO THE WEST
DO YOU MEAN TO THE LOOK AT THE
SLIDE.
LOOK AT THE SLIDE ON THE
SCREEN, THE SCREEN YOUR MONITOR
TO THE RIGHT TO THESE I THINK
SO THERE'S THE ONE TWO TWO OVER
FROM THE GREEN.
NO NOT THAT ONE TO THE LITTLE
SHORT ONE THE ONE THAT DOESN'T
GO THE ENTIRE THIS RIGHT HERE
THAT LOOKS LIKE THAT'S NOT TEN
THOUSAND RIGHT FEET AND THEN IF
YOU GO ALL THE WAY THERE ARE
THOSE REALLY TWO VERY THIN
NARROW LOTS AND I'M WONDERING
IF THOSE YOU EVEN KNOW THERE'S
THERE'S AN EXISTING
NONCONFORMING LOT SURROUNDING
IT.
RIGHT?
THAT'S WHAT I'M SAYING.
SO IT'S WHAT I'M TRYING TO
WONDER
IS IF THERE IS SOMETHING
THAT IS SLIGHTLY LESS THAN TEN
THOUSAND SQUARE FEET IF IT
WOULD BE A SIGNIFICANT
SOMETHING SIGNIFICANTLY
DIFFERENT THAN EVERYTHING ELSE
IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD AND IT IT
LOOKS TO ME LIKE THERE ARE SOME
ALREADY SOME LIGHTS THERE THAT
ARE LESS THAN TEN THOUSAND
SQUARE FEET AND THE STRUCTURES
CLEARLY BUILT BEFORE THE ZONING
CODE WAS WHAT IT WAS ARE THE
THEY'RE ESSENTIALLY NOT
CONFORMING LOST THE STRUCTURE.
THAT'S CORRECT.
YEAH.
OK, THANK YOU.
ANY THE QUESTIONS DO YOU HAVE
ANY IDEA WHAT THE HISTORICAL
LIKE WHY THESE LOTS ARE SO LONG
AND NARROW LIKE HOW THAT
HAPPENED?
I MEAN IT'S PRETTY UNUSUAL JUST
IN TERMS OF VERSITY I JUST
WONDERED IF YOU KNEW THEY WERE
ESTABLISHED PROBABLY ONE
HUNDRED YEARS AGO AND THEN THE
ZONING ARTIST COME INTO EFFECT
ENFORCED PROBABLY ABOUT MID 60S
NINETEEN SIXTY FIVE.
SO THEY WERE ALREADY
ESTABLISHED PRIOR TO THE
ORDINANCE.
FIFTY ONE FURTHER QUESTION I
DID NOT THEN I APOLOGIZE HAVE
TIME TO DO MY USUAL DRIVE BYS
AND ACTUAL ON SITE SURVEYS BUT
MY FAMILIARITY WITH THIS
NEIGHBORHOOD I REMEMBER LACK
OF SIDEWALKS AND SO ON SOME
OF THESE STREETS IS THAT DO YOU
KNOW WHAT THE SITUATION IS A
SIDEWALK SITUATION ON YOU?
IT IS THERE THERE WERE NOT
SIDEWALKS ESTABLISHED WHEN I
WAS OUT THERE AND YOU CAN SEE
THAT ON THE STEREO ON THAT AREA
PHOTO.
OK, BUT YOU DO SEE THERE IS ON
THIS SIDE OF THE STREET AND ON
THE OTHER SIDE OF THE STREET
THERE IS BUT IN THIS SIDE RIGHT
AND AND THERE'S YOU SEE THERE'S
A PROBABLY ABOUT A EIGHT FOOT
SEVEN TO EIGHT FOOT RIGHT AWAY
RIGHT THERE RIGHT BETWEEN THE
PROPERTY.
SO THERE COULD BE ONE STABLISH
IN THE FUTURE BUT I JUST DON'T
KNOW IF THERE'S ANY PLANS WITH
THE ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT TO
INSTALL THOSE.
SO IF A SIDEWALK WAS REQUIRED
AT SOME POINT BECAUSE WE ARE
TRYING TO GET SIDEWALKS
THROUGHOUT THE CITY EXCEPT IT
SEEMS IN SOME OF THE PRICIER
NEIGHBORHOODS TO THE HOMEOWNERS
TO GET ASSESSED FOR THOSE
SIDEWALK DOES OUR SIDEWALK OUR
NEW SIDEWALK MILEAGE THAT WE
HAVE PAY FOR THOSE SIDEWALK
INSTALLATIONS THAT WOULD BE
PART OF THE CAPITAL
IMPROVEMENTS FUNDING I BELIEVE.
OK, THANK YOU, TONY.
THE QUESTION IS IF THE
PETITIONERS HERE PLEASE COME
FORWARD SIGN IN STATE YOUR NAME
FOR THE RECORD YOU'LL HAVE FIVE
MINUTES ONCE AND WE DON'T HAVE
ANYTHING TO ADD.
I THINK JOHN COVERED IT ALL.
JUST WANT TO THANK YOU FOR YOUR
CONSIDERATION AND THE ONLY
POINT IS TO THERE IS A LOT I
BELIEVE IT'S TO THE WEST THAT
IS NINETY SIX HUNDRED SQUARE
FEET.
SO THERE IS ALREADY SOME
VARIATION THERE AND ALSO THE
THE LOT DIRECTLY NEXT TO MINE
IS BEING SPLIT IN HALF.
SO THAT ALSO THEN KIND
OF ALIGNS WITH WHAT OUR PLANS
ARE.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU MR WINES IF IF YOU
WOULD SIGN IN AND OH SURE.
IS THERE A SIGN IN SHEET THERE.
THERE'S ONE RIGHT HERE IT'S
SIGNING.
DID YOU WANT TO MOVE FOR THIS
EVENING WITH THE DECISION.
YES OK I JUST WANT TO MAKE SURE
THERE ARE TYPICALLY NINE OF US
ALL FIVE OF US YES.
TONIGHT OK YEAH I HAVE A
QUESTION.
YEAH.
I'M NOT SURE HERE WHERE YOU DID
SAY THAT A LOT NEXT TO YOU IS
BEING SPLIT SIMILARLY.
YES.
ARE THEY BEING SPLIT BUT THEY
HAVE THE LOT SIZE THAT THEY
DON'T NEED A VARIANCE.
RIGHT SO THEY CAN THEY CAN HAVE
TWO TEN THOUSAND SQUARE FOOT
PARCELS RIGHT WHERE YOURS IS
JUST A LITTLE BIT SMALLER AND
CANNOT DO CORRECT.
YEAH BOTH BOTH THE PARCELS TO
THE WEST WERE HAD DIVISIONS
CREATED AND THAT'S THEY'RE
GOING TO HAVE HOMES IN THE
FRONT IN THE BACK.
OH OK.
BOTH THOSE TWO PARCELS OF THE
WEST THANKS BUT IT'S SIXTY
THREE SQUARE FEET IS WHAT YOU
SHORTEN RIGHT.
I UNDERSTAND NO DISCERNIBLE TO
THE ANY OTHER QUESTIONS FOR THE
APPLICANT AND I THANK YOU IF
THERE'S ANYONE FROM THE PUBLIC
WHO WISHES TO SPEAK ON THIS
PETITION IF THERE'S ANYONE IN
PERSON PLEASE COME FORWARD NOW
ANYONE ACCESSING REMOTELY
PLEASE PRESS STAR NINE USE THE
RAISED HAND FUNCTION.
THERE ARE NO THANK YOU
COURTNEY.
WITH THAT THE PUBLIC HEARING IS
CLOSED AND WE'RE IN DISCUSSIONS
THERE IS A LETTER THAT WAS ON
MY TABLE.
THERE MIGHT BE I'VE GOT TWO NEW
PAPERS HERE FROM HANS.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
YES.
SO WE DID RECEIVE A LETTER FROM
ANNA SANDERS AT THIRTEEN EIGHT
AVENUE.
UM, LOOKS LIKE IT'S JUST
LISTING SOME CONCERNS REGARDING
THE PROPOSED REVISION.
YES, I KNOW I READ THROUGH ALL
RIGHT.
ANY DISCUSSION IT'S DENHA.
UM, I THINK THIS IS A PRETTY
EASY DECISION FOR ME.
YOU KNOW, VOTING NO WOULD
ESSENTIALLY BE FORCING THIS TO
BE AN ALMOST TWENTY THOUSAND
SQUARE FOOT LOT WITH ONE HOUSE
ON IT WHICH IS NOT THE INTENT
OF THE ZONING CATEGORY.
SO I DON'T SEE SIXTY THREE
FEET.
I DON'T THINK IT'S A BIG DEAL
AND SO I LOOK FORWARD TO SPRING
DAY.
I WOULD AGREE WITH MY FELLOW
MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF APPEALS
AND NOTE THAT THIS IS A MINIMAL
A MINIMUM REQUEST WHICH IS ONE
OF OUR CRITERIA IS WE CONSIDER
EXPERIENCES TO ASK FOR A
MINIMUM MINIMAL REQUEST ALSO
WITH HOUSES THESE OTHER LOTS IN
THAT NEIGHBORHOOD HAVING
SIMILAR VERY SIMILAR LAND
DIVISIONS.
I SEE THIS TOTALLY IN CONCERT
WITH WHAT IS HAPPENING IN THAT
NEIGHBORHOOD AND NOT BEING OUT
OF CHARACTER WITH IT.
SO I WILL CERTAINLY VOTE TO
SUPPORT THIS GRAYSON UP THERE.
YEAH, YEAH.
I AGREE WITH DAVID DARMA.
I FEEL LIKE THE THE SHAPE
OF THIS LAW AND HOW SKINNY THIS
NEIGHBORHOOD IS LAID OUT IS
VERY WEIRD FIRST OF ALL.
SO I FEEL THE WAY THAT THAT
COULD BE VIEWED AS A PRACTICAL
DIFFICULTY AND I AGREE THAT THE
SIMILAR DIVISIONS GOING ON
AROUND THERE KIND
OF DEMONSTRATE THAT THIS IS THE
WAY THAT THE NEIGHBORHOOD IS
GOING AND THE SPIRIT OF WHAT IS
MEANT TO BE KIND OF ALLOWABLE
IN THAT AREA.
CHRIS, I'M QUOTING NOW IT IT'S
NONE OF OUR STANDARDS FOR
APPROVAL.
IT ENJOYS USE AS IT IS.
THERE'S NO REASON TO GRANT US
THAT.
BUT I DO FEEL BAD BECAUSE I DO
THINK CLASS SIZES SHOULD BE
SMALLER.
BUT AS THEY ARE THERE'S NO
PRACTICAL DIFFICULTY AS IT IS
RIGHT.
THE LARGEST CONFORMING THERE'S
A HOUSE ON IT.
THE REASON TO VOTE YES DOESN'T
EXIST.
NO PRACTICAL DIFFICULTY EXISTS
AND I FEEL OBLIGED TO VOTE NO
SO I'M GOING TO DO SO AND I DO
FEEL BAD THAT I KNOW IT BUT I
MEAN I HOLD IT UP BUT I FEEL IF
WE HOLD OTHER SITES TO TO OUR
STANDARDS THAT WE HAVE TO HOLD
THIS ONE TO IT TO I AGREE THAT
IS A MINIMAL REQUEST BUT THAT'S
ONLY ONE OF OUR STANDARDS.
SO I'M GOING TO VOTE NO BECAUSE
I THINK IT FAILS TO MEET FOUR
OF OUR STANDARDS THAT I THINK
YOU COULD EASILY ARGUE THAT
SUBSTANTIAL JUSTICE IS BEING
DONE.
I MEAN THE INTENT OF THE ZONING
CATEGORY IS NOT NINETEEN
THOUSAND NINE HUNDRED THIRTY
SEVEN SQUARE FEET.
IT'S TEN THOUSAND SQUARE FEET.
SO I JUST THINK THERE'S A
HARDSHIP IT DOESN'T REALLY YOU
KNOW, UPHOLDING THIS DOESN'T
REALLY MAINTAIN I DON'T THINK
THE SPIRIT OF THE ZONING
CATEGORY AND I THINK YOU CAN
MAKE AN ARGUMENT THAT
SUBSTANTIAL JUSTICE WILL BE
DONE BY GRANTING THIS
DISCUSSION.
THE MOTION I'M READY TO MAKE A
MOTION.
THANK YOU, DAVE ZEBA TWENTY
FOUR DENHA HERO ZERO ZERO ONE
TWELVE NINETY FOUR JULIAN
AVENUE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
ESTABLISHED STANDARDS FOR
APPROVAL, THE ZIBA ZONING BOARD
OF APPEALS HEREBY GRANTS A
SIXTY THREE SQUARE FOOT
VARIANCE FROM CHAPTER FIFTY
FIVE LOTERIA MINIMUM OF TABLE
FIVE POINT SEVENTEEN ONE SINGLE
FAMILY RESIDENTIAL ZONING
DISTRICTS.
THE VARIANCE APPLIES TO THE
FORWARD FACING LOT ADJACENT
EDGEWOOD AVENUE A VARIANCE
OF SIXTY THREE SQUARE FEET IS
REQUIRED TO COMPLETE A PROPOSED
LAND DIVISION AND SUPPORT FOR.
THANK YOU DONNA DE VAHEDI.
YES CHRIS NO GRACE YES I ALSO
VOTE YES YES THE REQUEST IS
DENIED.
MOVING ON TO PETITION ZIBI
TWENTY FOUR DASH ZERO ZERO ZERO
SIX SIX EIGHTEEN STRATEGIZES GO
AHEAD.
CAN I SAY THAT YES YOU CAN COME
UP.
YEAH WELL
I LIKE TO WAIT FOR
OUR MEMBERS TO BE HERE OK I SEE
YOU YOUR REQUEST POSTPONEMENT
IT WILL BE ON APRIL TWENTY.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
OK SINCE THE PETITION WAS
NOTICED WE BOTH STILL HAVE TO
OPEN UP THE PUBLIC HEARING IF
THERE'S ANYONE FROM THE PUBLIC
WHO WISHES TO COMMENT ON THIS
PETITION.
SO REGARDING PETITIONS TWENTY
BARDASH ZERO ZERO ZERO SIX AT
618 STRATFORD DRIVE IF ANYONE
HERE WISHES TO SPEAK PLEASE
COME FORWARD.
THERE'S ANYONE REMOTELY PLEASE
PRESS STAR NINE OR USE THE
RAISED HAND FUNCTION THERE.
NO THANK YOU COURTNEY.
I BELIEVE THERE WAS SOME
CORRESPONDENCE WE RECEIVED
ONLINE REGARDING THIS PETITION
SOME WRITTEN COMMENTS BUT THOSE
WILL BE FORWARDED TO THE NEXT
MEETING SO WE CAN ADDRESS THOSE
COMMENTS AT THAT TIME.
SO WITH THAT THE PUBLIC HEARING
IS CLOSED.
WE NEED TO VOTE TO POSTPONE?
NO, I DON'T THINK SO BECAUSE
IT'S THE PETITIONER REQUESTING
THAT.
ALL RIGHT.
SO WITH THAT PETITION CBA
TWENTY FOUR ZERO ZERO SIX IS
POSTPONED AND WE WILL MOVE ON
TO PETITION ZIBA TWENTY FOUR
DASH ZERO ZERO ZERO SEVEN TWO
ONE ONE NINE DEVON SHIRE ROAD
JOHN WELL HOLD ON ABABA'S YOU
COME WITH FOUR SEASONS IF YOU
DON'T KNOW ROB ARE YOU GOING TO
MOVE FORWARD.
NO WE'RE GOING TO POSTPONE
YOU'RE GOING TO POSTPONE THE IN
MY EXPERIENCE I JUST THINK IT'S
BETTER TO HAVE MORE.
ALL RIGHT.
SO THAT WILL OPEN THE PUBLIC
HEARING IF THERE'S ANYONE HERE
THAT WISHES TO SPEAK ON THE
DEVON SHIRE OF PETITION, PLEASE
COME FORWARD.
ANYONE ACCESSING REMOTELY
PLEASE PRESS STAR NINE OR USE
THE RACE HAND FUNCTION.
I SHOULD NOTE TOO WHEN THE
PETITIONS COME BACK AT THE NEXT
MEETING THERE WILL BE ANOTHER
PUBLIC HEARING SO IF ANYONE
WANTS TO SPEAK THEY CAN WAIT
UNTIL THE NEXT TIME.
THAT'S TOTALLY OK.
THEY'RE OK.
THANK YOU COURTNEY.
WITH THAT THE PUBLIC HEARING IS
CLOSED AND THIS PETITION WILL
BE POSTPONED TO THE NEXT
MEETING IN APRIL IF ONLY FOR
ALL RIGHT PETITIONS MAYBE
TWENTY FOUR ZERO ZERO ZERO
EIGHT NINE ZERO NINE VON ST
JOHN UNLESS THIS PETITIONER ROB
FOWLER IS THIS YOU ROB TONIGHT
DID YOU WANT TO COME FORWARD?
DID DID YOU WANT TO MOVE
FORWARD WITH THE APPLICATION
LIKE IT JUST BECAUSE OUR
SCHEDULE IS SO TIGHT TO GET
THIS STUDENT HOUSE DOWN I WOULD
LIKE TO MOVE FORWARD.
ALL RIGHT.
TAKE A WEEKEND ACTUALLY WHAT ON
SPRING BREAK.
ALL RIGHT.
THIS IS NINE NINE BOND STREET.
ROB FOWLER REPRESENTING THE
PROPERTY OWNER IS REQUESTING
RELIEF FROM SECTION FIVE POINT
THIRTY TWO POINT TWO
NONCONFORMING STRUCTURE TO
CONSTRUCT NEW DORMERS ON THE
THIRD FLOOR ATTIC SPACE OF THE
EXISTING NONCONFORMING RENTAL
BUILDING.
THE RESIDENCE IS AN EXISTING
FOUR BEDROOM UNIT.
THE PROPOSED ALTERATION WILL
INCREASE THE BUILDING TO SIX
BEDROOMS WITH AN ADDITION WITH
ADDITIONAL BASEMENT BEDROOMS IN
THE BASEMENT AND THE ATTIC
SPACE.
THE PROPERTY'S NONCONFORMING
FALLOT AREA AND LOT WITH THE
THIRD STORE DORMER ADDITIONS
WILL NOT ENCROACH FURTHER INTO
THE REQUIRED SETBACKS.
THE PROPERTY'S ZONED OUR
FORESEE MULTIPLE FAMILY
DWELLING DISTRICT.
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS LOCATED
NEAR THE INTERSECTION OF PACARD
STREET AND VAUGHAN STREET IN
THE NORTH BERN'S PARK
NEIGHBORHOOD.
THE HOME WAS BUILT IN NINETEEN
TWELVE AND IS APPROXIMATELY ONE
THOUSAND ONE HUNDRED SEVENTY
FOUR SQUARE FEET IN SIZE.
THE LOT AREA IS TWO THOUSAND
FOUR HUNDRED AND EIGHTY TWO
SQUARE FEET.
THE EXISTING RESIDENCE IS THREE
BEDROOMS AND THE SECOND FLOOR
AND ONE BEDROOM IN THE
BASEMENT.
THE PROPOSED RENOVATION WILL
REDUCE THE BEDROOMS ON THE
SECOND FLOOR TO TWO BEDROOMS
AND TWO BATHROOMS.
THE BASEMENT WILL INCREASE BY
ONE BEDROOM FROM ONE CASE FROM
A BEDROOM TO TWO BEDROOMS AND
TWO BATHROOMS AND THE ATTIC
WILL ALSO HAVE TWO BEDROOMS AND
TWO BATHROOMS.
THE PROPERTY IS A NARROW
DRIVEWAY AND IN THE SIDE YARD
THERE IS NO PARKING SPACE.
THE BACK OF THE HOME IS THE
REAR YARD IS ONLY SEVERAL FEET
IN DEPTH.
IF YOU TURN YOUR ATTENTION TO
THE MONITORS YOU'LL SEE THE
LOCATION MAP AND THE
HIGHLIGHTED PARCEL IN THE
CENTER OF THE BLUE JUST TO THE
EAST OF PACARD STREET.
NEXT SLIDE SHOWS EXISTING
CONDITIONS AND SURROUNDING
PROPERTIES AND THE NEXT SLIDE
IS THE ZOOMED IN AERIAL PHOTO
OF THE SUBJECT PROPERTY.
THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE SURVEY
THAT WAS SUBMITTED WITH THE
APPLICATION BY THE APPLICANT
AND THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE
EXISTING FIRST FLOOR AND SECOND
FLOORS.
YOU CAN SEE THE THREE BEDROOMS
IN THE SECOND FLOOR.
FIRST FLOOR HAS GOT THE DINING
ROOM, LIVING ROOM, KITCHEN.
THE NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE
EXISTING BASEMENT WITH THE ONE
BEDROOM AND THE EXISTING ATTIC
.
NEXT SLIDES ARE THE FLOOR PLANS
OF THE PROPOSED RENOVATION AND
THAT'S THE FIRST FLOOR AND THEN
THE SECOND FLOOR SHOWS THE
SECOND NEXT SLIDE SHOWS THE
SECOND FLOOR IN THE BASEMENT
YOU SEE THE SECOND FLOOR BOTH
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE TWO
BEDROOMS, TWO BARS EXCUSE ME,
I'LL HAVE ONE BACK NOTE TWO
BEST TWO BEDROOMS, TWO BEST AND
THEN THE THIRD FLOOR.
THE ATTICS IN THE NEW ATTIC
SPACE WILL HAVE TWO BEDROOMS
AND TWO BARS AS WELL.
THESE ARE THE PROPOSED NEW
ELEVATIONS AND YOU CAN SEE THE
NEW DORMER ADDITIONS AND ONTO
THE EXISTING HOME
DIFFERENT
ELEVATION VIEWS OF THE PROPOSED
DORMERS AND THESE ARE THE
EXISTING ELEVATIONS
.
THAT'S ALL I HAVE AT THIS TIME
I THINK ANY QUESTIONS YOU MAY
.
HAVE EXTRA QUESTIONS FOR JOHN
I THINK ANY QUESTIONS YOU MAY
WE'RE UNABLE TO DO PHOTOS.
HAVE EXTRA QUESTIONS FOR JOHN
YOU KNOW, THAT'S WHAT I DON'T
WE'RE UNABLE TO DO PHOTOS.
WANT TO HAPPEN TO MY PHOTOS.
YOU KNOW, THAT'S WHAT I DON'T
GIVE ME ONE SECOND.
WANT TO HAPPEN TO MY PHOTOS.
YOU GUYS CAN CAN WE LET ROB
GIVE ME ONE SECOND.
TALK AND THEN I'LL LOOK FOR
YOU GUYS CAN CAN WE LET ROB
THESE PHOTOS.
TALK AND THEN I'LL LOOK FOR
I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED TO
THESE PHOTOS.
THEM.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED TO
THEY'D BE HELPFUL.
THEM.
YEAH.
THEY'D BE HELPFUL.
SO WE'RE RIGHT IN THE HEART.
YEAH.
ISN'T YOUR STUDENT HOUSES A LOT
SO WE'RE RIGHT IN THE HEART.
OF THEM ARE DUPLEXES AND
ISN'T YOUR STUDENT HOUSES A LOT
MULTIFAMILY SO WE'RE JUST
OF THEM ARE DUPLEXES AND
TRYING TO BUILD UP OUR DENSITY
MULTIFAMILY SO WE'RE JUST
AND GET AS MUCH AS WE CAN GET
TRYING TO BUILD UP OUR DENSITY
OUT THIS HOUSE.
AND GET AS MUCH AS WE CAN GET
THE OWNER DOES HAVE MULTIPLE
OUT THIS HOUSE.
PROPERTIES IN THE AREA THAT HE
THE OWNER DOES HAVE MULTIPLE
CAN OFFSHOOT PARKING IF THAT
PROPERTIES IN THE AREA THAT HE
BECOMES A CONCERN.
CAN OFFSHOOT PARKING IF THAT
SO WE'RE JUST TRYING TO KIND
BECOMES A CONCERN.
OF MEET THE AMENITIES THAT A
SO WE'RE JUST TRYING TO KIND
LOT OF THESE NEWER STUDENT
OF MEET THE AMENITIES THAT A
HOUSES ARE HAVING AS FAR AS
LOT OF THESE NEWER STUDENT
THEY'RE THERE, ALMOST EVERY
HOUSES ARE HAVING AS FAR AS
BEDROOM IS A SUITE BUT THEY
THEY'RE THERE, ALMOST EVERY
HAVE A BATHROOM AND UPGRADED
BEDROOM IS A SUITE BUT THEY
FIXTURES.
HAVE A BATHROOM AND UPGRADED
THANK YOU.
FIXTURES.
ANY QUESTIONS FOR THE OK SO I
THANK YOU.
DIDN'T LOOK REALLY CLOSELY AT
ANY QUESTIONS FOR THE OK SO I
THE FLOOR PLANS BUT I'M CURIOUS
DIDN'T LOOK REALLY CLOSELY AT
ARE THESE BEING IS WILL WILL IT
THE FLOOR PLANS BUT I'M CURIOUS
BE RENTED AS ONE UNIT WITH SIX
ARE THESE BEING IS WILL WILL IT
RESIDENTS OR DO ONE?
BE RENTED AS ONE UNIT WITH SIX
IT WILL BE CENTRAL THEY'LL BE
RESIDENTS OR DO ONE?
ONE SIX UNIT RESIDENTIAL HOME
IT WILL BE CENTRAL THEY'LL BE
AS OPPOSED TO BECAUSE IT LOOKED
ONE SIX UNIT RESIDENTIAL HOME
LIKE YOU COULD ALMOST BREAK OFF
AS OPPOSED TO BECAUSE IT LOOKED
A ROOM IN A BATHROOM AND I
LIKE YOU COULD ALMOST BREAK OFF
DON'T I DON'T KNOW THE ZONING
A ROOM IN A BATHROOM AND I
WOULD BUY I BUY THAT TO BE
DON'T I DON'T KNOW THE ZONING
HONEST WITH I THINK WE'RE HAPPY
WOULD BUY I BUY THAT TO BE
WITH HE HAS GOOD LUCK FINDING
HONEST WITH I THINK WE'RE HAPPY
SIX TENANTS TO RENT A HOUSE AND
WITH HE HAS GOOD LUCK FINDING
THAT'S THAT'S BEEN A GOOD GOOD
SIX TENANTS TO RENT A HOUSE AND
WAY TO GO.
THAT'S THAT'S BEEN A GOOD GOOD
AND IS THERE NO DRIVEWAY
WAY TO GO.
PARKING NOW OR IS THERE LIKE
AND IS THERE NO DRIVEWAY
SPACE FOR OTHERS?
PARKING NOW OR IS THERE LIKE
THERE MIGHT BE A LITTLE BIT BUT
SPACE FOR OTHERS?
HE OWNS HOUSES BEHIND IT AND ON
THERE MIGHT BE A LITTLE BIT BUT
THE OTHER SIDE SO IT DOESN'T
HE OWNS HOUSES BEHIND IT AND ON
SEEM TO BE IN THERE.
THE OTHER SIDE SO IT DOESN'T
I THINK THERE'S SOME STREET
SEEM TO BE IN THERE.
PARKING THERE TOO.
I THINK THERE'S SOME STREET
WELL, A LICENSE TO HUNT ANY
PARKING THERE TOO.
OTHER QUESTIONS FOR THE
WELL, A LICENSE TO HUNT ANY
APPLICANT.
OTHER QUESTIONS FOR THE
SO I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED.
APPLICANT.
I APOLOGIZE.
SO I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED.
MY PHOTOS GOT CLIPPED OFF FOR
I APOLOGIZE.
SOME REASON IT'S FIRST TIME
MY PHOTOS GOT CLIPPED OFF FOR
THAT'S EVER HAPPENED TO ME BUT
SOME REASON IT'S FIRST TIME
I'VE GOT I HAVE THEM UP NOW SO
THAT'S EVER HAPPENED TO ME BUT
YOU SEE THE FRONT ELEVATION
I'VE GOT I HAVE THEM UP NOW SO
FROM BOND STREET AND THE NEXT
YOU SEE THE FRONT ELEVATION
SLIDE IS LOOKING DOWN THE
FROM BOND STREET AND THE NEXT
DRIVEWAY.
SLIDE IS LOOKING DOWN THE
YOU CAN SEE SOME OF THE
DRIVEWAY.
ADJACENT PROPERTY TO THE EAST
YOU CAN SEE SOME OF THE
AND THE PROPERTIES TO THE REAR
ADJACENT PROPERTY TO THE EAST
.
AND THE PROPERTIES TO THE REAR
THIS IS LOOKING DIRECTLY AT THE
.
REAR FACADE OF THE HOME AND
THIS IS LOOKING DIRECTLY AT THE
THEN THIS IS THE PROPERTY TO
REAR FACADE OF THE HOME AND
THE WEST SIDE OF THE LOT AND
THEN THIS IS THE PROPERTY TO
THE ADJACENT PROPERTY AND
THE WEST SIDE OF THE LOT AND
THAT'S WHAT I HAVE.
THE ADJACENT PROPERTY AND
I MEAN IT WAS LITERALLY I'M
THAT'S WHAT I HAVE.
STANDING RIGHT THERE.
I MEAN IT WAS LITERALLY I'M
IT'S IT WAS THE LOT IS SO
STANDING RIGHT THERE.
SHALLOW A LOT OF THE WORLD LINE
IT'S IT WAS THE LOT IS SO
HAS GOT THREE FEET AT THE BACK
SHALLOW A LOT OF THE WORLD LINE
OF THE HOUSE.
HAS GOT THREE FEET AT THE BACK
THERE'S NO REAL BUT I KNOW IN
OF THE HOUSE.
YOUR PHOTOS THERE IS SPACE OR
THERE'S NO REAL BUT I KNOW IN
TWO CARS PARKED IN THE
YOUR PHOTOS THERE IS SPACE OR
DRIVEWAY.
TWO CARS PARKED IN THE
YES.
DRIVEWAY.
THAT'S WHERE ITS CURRENT
YES.
CURRENTLY AT RIGHT THERE.
THAT'S WHERE ITS CURRENT
ALL RIGHT.
CURRENTLY AT RIGHT THERE.
AT THIS POINT IF THERE'S ANYONE
ALL RIGHT.
FROM THE PUBLIC WHO WISHES TO
AT THIS POINT IF THERE'S ANYONE
SPEAK ON THIS PETITION, PLEASE
FROM THE PUBLIC WHO WISHES TO
COME FORWARD NOW OR IF YOUR
SPEAK ON THIS PETITION, PLEASE
ACCESSING REMOTELY PLEASE PRESS
COME FORWARD NOW OR IF YOUR
STAR NINE OR USE THE RAISED
ACCESSING REMOTELY PLEASE PRESS
HAND FEATURE.
STAR NINE OR USE THE RAISED
YES, I HAVE A QUESTION.
HAND FEATURE.
YEAH, PLEASE COME FORWARD TO
YES, I HAVE A QUESTION.
THE MICROPHONE.
YEAH, PLEASE COME FORWARD TO
DOES THE ADDITION OF THE
THE MICROPHONE.
UPSTAIRS APARTMENT REQUIRE SOME
DOES THE ADDITION OF THE
FIRE ESCAPE OR ANY KIND
OF ESCAPE OTHER THAN THROUGH
THE HOME THAT'LL BE ADDRESSED
WHEN THE APPLICANT SUBMITS
BUILDING PERMITS AND THE
BUILDING DEPARTMENT WORK AT
WILL REQUIRE THAT BUT YOU DON'T
DECIDE IT NOW WHAT ABOUT THE
BASEMENT EASEMENT?
WHAT IS REQUIRED TO WILL HAVE A
EASEMENT FROM THE BASEMENT
BECAUSE YOU'RE ADDING A BEDROOM
THERE WILL BE AN EGRESS WINDOW
REQUIREMENT BUT THAT'S BUILDING
CODE .
THIS IS FOR ZONING WHEN THEY
SAID WHEN THE APPLICANT SUBMITS
THOSE
PERMITS THAT WILL BE
ADDRESSED BY THE STATE BUILDING
CODE IN THE BUILDING OFFICIALS
IT'S A SEPARATE APPROVAL.
YES, IT'S A SEPARATE THAT'S A
SEPARATE THING.
YES.
CAN YOU PLEASE SIGN IT IF YOU
WOULD PLEASE SIGN IN FOR THE
RECORD ANY OTHER COMMENTS ON
THIS PETITION?
THERE ARE NO PROBLEMS.
THANK YOU, COURTNEY WITH THAT.
THE PUBLIC HEARING IS CLOSED
AND WE'RE IN DISCUSSIONS DASH.
I JUST WANT TO SAY AGAIN FOR
THE FURTHER RECORD THAT I FEEL
LIKE I'VE SAID MANY TIMES WE
HAVE THESE I FEEL LIKE THESE
APPLICATIONS ARE VERY
UNNECESSARY TO COME TO US FOR
THESE EXPANSIONS OF A NON
CONFORMING DIRECTOR STRUCTURE,
ESPECIALLY WHEN THERE'S NOT A
CHANGE TO THE FOOTPRINT.
I FEEL LIKE WE ALMOST ALWAYS
ARE PROVING THEM WITH MINIMAL,
YOU KNOW, COMMENTS AND JUST
SOMEONE WHO DOES LIKE PLANNING
STUFF FOR MY DAY JOB.
I JUST FEEL LIKE IT'S SUCH AN
UNNECESSARY STEP FOR APPLICANTS
FOR HOMEOWNERS AND BUILDING
DEVELOPERS TO HAVE TO GO
THROUGH SO I JUST LIKE TO SAY
THAT EVERY TIME WE GET ONE
OF THESE I'M SURE JOHN'S TIRED
OF HEARING AND NEED IT.
I WILL ADDRESS THAT RIGHT NOW.
SO THERE'S GOING TO BE A TAX
AMENDMENT THAT'S IN THE PROCESS
OF MOVING FORWARD.
IT PROBABLY WILL TAKE A COUPLE
OF MONTHS AT LEAST IT'S GOING
TO TAKE A MONTH OR TWO TO DRAFT
IT AND THAT'S GOING AFTER THE
ORDINANCE REVIEW COMMITTEE AND
THEN ULTIMATELY PLANNING
COMMISSION AND CITY COUNCIL FOR
CONSIDERATION AS I'VE SAID.
BUT THE WHEELS FOR THE WHEELS
ARE IN MOTION ON THAT ON THAT
REQUEST FROM THE ZONING COURT
OF APPEALS.
OK, I'LL MAKE A COMMENT ON THE
RECORD THESE APPROVALS ARE
ALTERATIONS TO A NON CONFORMING
STRUCTURE ARE THE GUIDELINES
FOR US TO GRANT APPROVAL ARE
MUCH, MUCH LESS STRINGENT AND
MORE FORGIVING THAN FOR FULL
VARIANCE ALTHOUGH I'VE SEEN
PAST ZONING BOARDS AND AT TIMES
I'VE TAKEN THE VIEW EVEN THOUGH
I SUPPORT GENERALLY INCREASING
THE DENSITY, SOMETIMES I FEEL
IT'S JUST INAPPROPRIATE.
THE LOT IS TOO SMALL.
THE PARKING PROVIDED IS TOO
INADEQUATE.
THE DEMANDS ON THE NEIGHBORHOOD
AND WHAT LITTLE PARKING MIGHT
BE IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD WILL
HAVE ADVERSE EFFECTS ON THE
NEIGHBORS.
SO I HAVE VOTED AGAINST THESE
IN THE PAST AND I I'VE SEEN
MANY ZONING BOARDS COMPOSED
OF A MEMBERSHIP MUCH MORE
CONSERVATIVE IN TERMS
OF GRANTING THESE ALTERATION
APPROVALS OF ALTERATIONS IN THE
PAST THAT CURRENTLY THE CURRENT
BOARD IS VERY FRIENDLY TO
GRANTING THIS BUT THAT HAS NOT
ALWAYS BEEN THE CASE AND I
WOULD CAUTION UNLESS THERE IS A
CHANGE IN THE ZONING CODES THAT
TAKES US AWAY FROM THIS ZONING
BOARD WHICH WE'RE ALL VOLUNTEER
IS APPOINTED BY THE MAYOR AND
APPROVED BY COUNCIL.
I WOULD CAUTION PEOPLE BRINGING
THESE IN IN THESE NEIRA WHEN
THERE'S NARROW TOLERANCES ON
THESE VOTES WHERE ONE VOTE
AGAINST IT CAN DENY IT.
I I'M GOING TO VOTE FOR THIS.
BUT THERE ARE I DO SEE NEGATIVE
IMPACTS THAT ADDING DENSITY AND
ADDING DEMANDS ON THE PUBLIC
INFRASTRUCTURE THAT'S THERE THE
LITTLE BIT OF PARKING THAT'S IN
THAT NEIGHBORHOOD AND I GREW UP
ON DEWEY STREET.
I STILL LIVE IN THE
NEIGHBORHOOD AND WALK THROUGH
IT.
I WALK DOWN A STREET AT LEAST
HALF A DOZEN TIMES A MONTH ON
MY WAY TO DOMINIC'S RESTAURANT
AND IT'S IT'S I'LL VOTE FOR
THIS BUT IT'S A IT'S A TENUOUS
THING AND I COULD SEE MYSELF
VOTING AGAINST A I REALLY FEEL
THAT I'M IN A PREDICAMENT HERE
BEING POTENTIALLY THE LONE VOTE
TO DENY THIS AND TO BRING YOU
BACK A MONTH LATER AND HAVING
THEN GO THROUGH YOUR BUILDING
DEPARTMENT AND WAIT FOR HOWEVER
MANY WEEKS IT IS FOR THEM TO
GRANT THE BUILDING PERMITS
BECAUSE I'VE BEEN IN THAT
SITUATION.
SO I I I'M GOING TO RELUCTANTLY
VOTE FOR BUT YOU KNOW THERE
COULD BE ANOTHER PERSON ON THIS
BOARD THAT VOTES AGAINST IT AND
IT'LL BE DENIED ANY OTHER
DISCUSSION WE'RE READY FOR A
MOTION.
I CAN MAKE A MOTION.
THANK YOU DAVE ZEBA TWENTY FOUR
DASH ZERO ZERO ZERO EIGHT NINE
NINE VAUGHAN STREET ROB FOWLER
REPRESENTING THE PROPERTY OWNER
IS REQUESTING RELIEF FROM
SECTION FIVE POINT THIRTY TWO
POINT TWO NON-CURRENT FORMING
STRUCTURE TO CONSTRUCT NEW
DORMERS ON THE THIRD FLOOR
ATTIC SPACE OF THE EXISTING
NONCONFORMING RENTAL BUILDING.
THE RESIDENCE IS AN EXISTING
FOUR BEDROOM UNIT.
THE PROPOSED ALTERATION WILL
INCREASE THE BUILDING TO SIX
BEDROOMS WITH ADDITIONAL
BEDROOMS IN THE BASEMENT AND
THE ATTIC SPACE.
THE PROPERTY IS NONCONFORMING
FOR LOT AREA AND LOT WITH THE
THIRD STOREY DORMER ADDITIONS
WELL NOT ENCROACH ANY FURTHER
INTO THE REQUIRED SETBACKS THE
PROPERTY IS OWNED I FORESEE
MULTIPLE FAMILY DWELLING
DISTRICT SUPPORT.
THANK YOU CHRIS DURHAM.
YES DAVE DEVADAS CHRIS YES
CHRIS YES.
I ALSO VOTE YES.
THE REQUEST IS GRANTED MOVING
ON TO PETITION ZIBA TWENTY FOUR
DASH ZERO ZERO ZERO NINE ONE
ONE ONE FOR JUDSON ALL RIGHT
THIS IS A FOURTEEN IN COURT ROB
FOWLER REPRESENTING THE
PROPERTY OWNER IS REQUESTING
RELIEF FROM SECTION FIVE POINT
THIRTY TWO POINT TWO
NONCONFORMING STRUCTURE TO
CONSTRUCT A NEW THIRD FLOOR AND
NEW HABITABLE LIVING AREA IN
THE BASEMENT OF THE EXISTING
CONFORMING RENTAL BUILDING.
THE RESIDENCE IS AN EXISTING
SIX BEDROOM UNIT.
THE PROPOSED ALTERATION WILL
INCREASE THE LIVING SPACE IN
BATHROOMS FOR EACH BEDROOM.
THE PROPERTY IS NOT CONFORMING
FOR A LOT AREA AND LOT WITH THE
NEW THIRD THIRD STORY WILL NOT
ENCROACH FURTHER INTO THE
REQUIRED SETBACKS.
THE PROPERTY IS OWNED BY OUR
FORESEE MULTIPLE FAMILY
DWELLING DISTRICT.
THE SUBJECT PROPERTY IS LOCATED
AT THE END OF JUDSON COURT
WESTAR CHURCH STREET IN THE
NORTH BERN'S PART NEIGHBORHOOD
.
THE HOME WAS BUILT IN NINETEEN
TEN AND IS APPROXIMATELY ONE
THOUSAND EIGHTY SIX SQUARE FEET
IN SIZE.
THE LOFT AREA IS ONE THOUSAND
SEVEN HUNDRED AND FORTY TWO
SQUARE FEET AND AREA THE OWNER
IS PROPOSING TO SQUARE OFF THE
SOUTHEAST CORNER OF THE
BASEMENT FOUNDATION TO ALLOW
FOR STAIR ACCESS TO ALL FLOORS
OF THE NEWLY PROPOSED
RENOVATIONS WILL INCREASE THE
BEDROOM LIVING SPACE IN EACH
BEDROOM ON THE SECOND AND THIRD
FLOORS WILL HAVE A BATHROOM.
THE TWO BASEMENT BEDROOMS WILL
SHARE A BATHROOM.
THE NEW THE NEWLY CREATED THIRD
FLOOR IS REQUIRED TO COMPLY
WITH THE 30 FOOT MAXIMUM LIMIT
.
ALL CONSTRUCTION MUST NOT
ENCROACH FURTHER INTO ANY
OF THE REQUIRED SET BACKS.
IF YOU TURN YOUR ATTENTION TO
THE MONITOR'S YOU'LL SEE THE
FIRST SLIDE IS THE LOCATION
MAT.
YOU SEE THE SUBJECT PROPERTY
HIGHLIGHTED IN THE MIDDLE
OF YOUR SCREEN ON THE SOUTH
SIDE OF JUDSON COURT YOU SEE
THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE AERIAL
MAP SHOWING SURROUNDING
PROPERTIES AND EXISTING
CONDITIONS AND THE NEXT SLIDE
IS THE ZOOMED IN AERIAL PHOTO
OF THE SUBJECT PROPERTY AND YOU
CAN SEE HOW IT THE STRUCTURE
BASICALLY TAKES UP THE ENTIRE
ENVELOPE OF THE PARCEL.
THE NEXT SLIDE IS THE SURVEY
THAT WAS SUBMITTED WITH THE
APPLICATION AND THE NEXT SLIDES
ARE SHOWING THE PROPOSED NEW
FIRST FLOOR AND NEW SECOND
FLOOR.
YOU CAN SEE THE FIRST FLOOR,
THE LIVING ROOM, DINING ROOM,
KITCHEN AND THEN THE NEXT
FLOOR, THE SECOND FLOOR, THE
BEDROOMS AND THEN THE NEW THIRD
FLOOR AND THE NEW BASEMENT AND
THE BOTTOM
.
THIS IS THE PROPOSED
ELEVATION'S WERE SUBMITTED WITH
THE APPLICATION THE SOUTH AND
EAST ELEVATIONS OF THE PROPOSED
NEW THIRD STOREY AND THE NORTH
AND WEST ELEVATION'S THIS IS A
SLIDE SHOWING ALL THE EXISTING
ELEVATIONS OF THE SUBJECT
OF THE STRUCTURE THE
THESE THE
EXISTING FLOOR PLANS.
THESE ARE THE PHOTOS THAT I
TOOK ON MY INSPECTION OF THE
PROPERTY
AND THAT'S THE REAR
OF THE BUILDING EXISTING
BUILDING THAT CONCLUDES MY
PRESENTATION AT THIS TIME AND
I'LL TAKE ANY QUESTIONS YOU MAY
HAVE.
THANK YOU, JOHN.
QUESTIONS
.
ALL RIGHT.
IF THE APPLICANTS HERE PLEASE
COME FORWARD, STATE YOUR NAME
SIGN AND YOU'LL HAVE FIVE
MINUTES.
HI, I'M ROB FOWLER.
I'M REPRESENTING THE OWNER
OF ONE ONE ONE FOUR JUDGE IN
COURT.
SO EXISTING POWER PLANTS
MISLEADING BECAUSE IT
ESSENTIALLY SHOWS LIKE THREE
BEDROOMS ON THE FIRST FLOOR AND
I KNOW THE FRONT ONE HAS BEEN
CONVERTED BACK TO A LIVING ROOM
BECAUSE THERE'S NO LIVING ROOM
ON THE FIRST FLOOR.
THE KITCHEN'S VERY SMALL.
THERE'S MUCH MORE ROOM IN THE
BATHROOM AS THE KITCHEN.
SO WE JUST NEED TO MAKE THIS
FLOOR PLAN LIVABLE FOR SIX
PEOPLE.
SO WE'RE GOING TO TAKE THE
FIRST FLOOR, MAKE IT ALL COMMON
LIVING SPACE.
THANKS.
THE BASEMENT AND THEN MOVE UP
THAT I PROMISE PUT DIFFERENT
COLORS ON THE EXTERIOR.
THE THE HOUSE ALSO WANTED TO
POINT OUT DID I MENTION IN THE
STAFF REPORT YOU SEE THE THE
FOUNDATION OF THE NEW WALL
WHERE THAT'S BEING SQUARED UP
ON THAT SLIDE RIGHT THERE AND
THEN RIGHT HERE AS WELL AND
THEN ALL THAT'S BEING PUT IN
THERE IS THE STAIRWELL TO
ACCESS ALL THREE FLOORS
.
ANY QUESTIONS PETITIONING THE
LOOKS LIKE THERE MIGHT BE A
SPOT FOR ONE.
THAT WHOLE PARKING LOT IS OWNED
BY THE SAME FORMAT.
SO THERE'S AMPLE I DON'T KNOW
IF YOU BOUGHT DESIGNING PITCH
OR WHATEVER BUT SO THAT WHOLE
GRAVEL LOT IN THE BACK IS
AVAILABLE FOR THAT THAT HOUSE
AND THEN I NOTICE IS WHERE I
DON'T HAVE AN ANSWER.
I KNOW A LOT OF TIMES THE
MAINTENANCE GUYS ROLL THEM OUT
TO THE THE STREET FOR THE
TENANTS.
YES.
I WILL SAY THIS IS ONE OF THE
MOST UNIQUE PROPERTIES I'VE
BEEN TO BECAUSE I DROVE BY IT
THREE TIMES BECAUSE IF YOU SEE
OUT HERE ON THE RIGHT SIDE
OF THE SCREEN IT SAYS JUDSON
COURT THERE IS NO STREET SIGN
AND IT LITERALLY LOOKS LIKE A
DRIVEWAY AND I DIDN'T KNOW HOW
TO GET TO THIS PROPERTY.
I PARKED UP HERE IN THE NORTH
SIDE OF PARK THAT THESE
APARTMENTS AND I WALKED DOWN
THROUGH THE PARKING LOT AND
THEN TOOK MY PHOTOS BECAUSE I
DIDN'T REALIZE THIS DRIVEWAY
AND I THOUGHT IT WAS A PRIVATE
DRIVEWAY.
BUT IT'S JUDSON IN COURT.
IT'S VERY UNIQUE.
I I ACTUALLY WENT TO DANCE
PARTIES IN THIS HOUSE IN THE
NINETEEN AND AS A PEDESTRIAN
YOU KNOW WHERE THE DANCE PARTY
IS AND YOU'RE IN COLLEGE, IT'S
EASY TO FIND IT AND THAT MIGHT
BE A REASON THEY NEED A BIGGER
LIVING ROOM SO THEY COULD
ACTUALLY HAVE DANCE PARTIES IN
THE STRUCTURE ONCE AGAIN THANK
YOU.
ANY OTHER QUESTIONS?
BUT YEAH, I JUST WANT TO MAKE
SURE AS I UNDERSTAND YOU'RE NOT
CHANGING THE OCCUPANCY AT ALL.
IT'S YOU KNOW, IT'S GOING TO BE
OUR MAXIMUM ALLOWED SIX BEDROOM
AND IT'S SIX RIGHT NOW.
I MEAN RIGHT NOW WE GOING IT'S
NOT A LIVABLE OK.
YEAH MAXIMUM I COULD SEE A SIX
TO UNRELATED TENANTS THAT
BEDROOMS.
YEAH.
A QUESTION FOR STAFF SO AS I'M
LOOKING AT YOUR THE TALK ABOUT
THE FOUNDATION AND THIS NEW
STAIR WELL IS THAT WITHIN THE
CURRENT FOOTPRINT OF THE
BUILDING OR IS DOES THAT
ACTUALLY EXTEND OUTSIDE THE
FOOTPRINT?
IT'S WITHIN IT'S WITHIN THE
FOOTPRINT BECAUSE YOU CAN SEE
THE EXISTING FOOTPRINT OF THE
BUILDING.
YES.
SO THERE'S NO EXPANSION AT ALL
THE FOOTPRINT.
CORRECT.
OK, ANY OTHER QUESTIONS?
THERE'S ANYONE FROM THE PUBLIC
WHO WISHES TO SPEAK ON THIS
PETITION PLEASE COME FORWARD OR
IF YOU'RE ACCESSING REMOTELY
PLEASE PRESS STAR NINE OR USE
THE RACE HAND FEATURE.
THERE ARE NO THANK YOU
COURTNEY.
WITH THAT THE PUBLIC HEARING IS
CLOSED IN DISCUSSION.
NO, WE DID NOT RECEIVE ANY
LETTERS OF SUPPORT OR OBJECTION
TO THIS PETITION SO
THERE'S NOT
DISCUSSION WE READY FOR A
MOTION THAT I HAVE AN OK I'M
HAPPY TO MAKE THE MOTION I ZIBA
TWENTY FOUR DASH ZERO ZERO ZERO
NINE ONE ONE ONE FOUR JUDSON
COURT ALTERATION TO A NON
CONFORMING STRUCTURE ZONING
BOARD OF APPEALS HEREBY GRANTS
RELIEF FROM SECTION FIVE THIRTY
TWO FIVE POINT THREE TO POINT
TO ALTERATION TO A NON
CONFORMING STRUCTURE TO ALLOW
CONSTRUCTION OF A NEW THIRD
STORY AND NEW HEAD OF HABITABLE
LIVING SPACE IN THE BASEMENT.
THE NEW THIRD STORY WILL NOT
ENCROACH FURTHER INTO THE
REQUIRED SETBACKS.
THE ALTERATION IS TO BE BUILT
PER THE SUBMITTED PLANS SUPPORT
.
THANK YOU DAVE.
THANK YOU CHRIS.
CHRIS.
YES BASS YES I VOTE YES.
YES THEY HAVE ALREADY YES.
THE REQUEST IS GRANTED.
GOOD, GOOD.
I JUST MAKE A KIND OF AN
ADDENDUM A STATEMENT TO THE
PERSON THAT RAISED SOME
QUESTIONS.
THERE ARE ISSUES THAT ARE THE
BUILDING DEPARTMENT WILL
CONSIDER AND TO ADMINISTRATIVE
REVIEW INCLUDING THE HEIGHT
OF THE BASEMENT AND THE EGRESS
WINDOWS AND THOSE SORTS
OF THINGS AND THAT THE WHATEVER
BUILDING IS DONE HAS TO GO
THROUGH THAT SITE THROUGH THAT
BUILDING DEPARTMENT REVIEW AND
MEET THE CODES.
SO I WANT TO ASSURE YOU THAT
THERE WILL BE FURTHER ALTHOUGH
IT'S ADMINISTRATIVE WON'T COME
TO A VOTE AT ABOUT BOARD LIKE
THIS UNLESS THE BUILDING
DEPARTMENT WERE TO DENY THE
BUILDING PLANS AND IT COULD GO
TO FURTHER REVIEW.
BUT IT'LL BE AN ADMINISTRATIVE
REVIEW TO MAKE SURE THAT ANY
CONSTRUCTION OUR CURRENT CODES
I JUST WANTED TO MAKE SURE THAT
PERSON THAT SPOKE TO THE
MEETING WAS AWARE OF THAT.
THANK YOU.
IS MOVING ON TO PETITION ZIBA
TWENTY FOUR DASH ZERO ZERO ONE
ZERO TWO ONE SIX NORTH STATE
STREET.
I GUESS BEFORE WE BEGIN DOES
THE PETITIONER WISH TO MOVE
FORWARD?
IT'S GOT THERE.
NO I DON'T
LET ME CALL HIM OR
AT LEAST TEXT THERE'S NO ONE
HERE THAT'S REPRESENTING THIS
PETITION.
CORRECT.
OK,
MR CLOSSON HASN'T REQUESTED
TO COME ON YET
.
WE'LL GIVE HIM JUST ANOTHER
MINUTE.
I GOT SOME
DAVIS AND I'D LIKE
TO IN THE INTEREST OF TIME MOVE
IF IT IF THE CHAIR I'LL ASK FOR
YOUR INDULGENCE MOVE THAT WE WE
HAVE IT SINCE THIS WAS
PUBLICIZED WE HAVE A PUBLIC
HEARING AND THEN I WOULD MOVE
TO TABLE THIS TO THE NEXT
MEETING TO ALLOW THE PETITIONER
TO BE HERE TO MAKE HIS CASE
SAID HER CASE.
I'LL SUPPORT HE'S ALL IN FAVOR
OF MOVING THIS TO THE NEXT
AGENDA.
YES, SORRY.
NO, I'M JUST SO I'M ONE OF THE
CURRENT TENANTS SO I'M NOT SURE
IF LIKE IF YOU'RE GOING ON THIS
TODAY BECAUSE I'M MOVING THE
TABLE BUT WE'RE STILL HAVING A
PUBLIC HEARING SO YOU CAN MAKE
YOUR COMMENT LIKE I'D LIKE BE
BUT WE WILL DO THE ACTUAL
DISCUSSION VOTING NEXT MONTH.
BUT YOU'RE STILL ABLE TO OFFER
ANY COMMENT NOW OR NEXT MONTH
OFFER COMMENTS RIGHT ABOUT WE
NEED TO FINISH THIS MOTION AND
THEN WE'LL OPEN UP THE PUBLIC.
YES.
SO WE HAVE A MOTION TO POSTPONE
THIS PETITION UNTIL THE NEXT
AVAILABLE AGENDA.
WHY DID THE APPLICANT IS NOT
PRESENT?
WE HAVE SUPPORT ALL IN FAVOR I
OPPOSE.
ALL RIGHT.
SO WITH THAT WE'LL OPEN THE
PUBLIC HEARING FOR PETITION
ZIBA TWENTY POINT ZERO ZERO ONE
ZERO TWO SIXTEEN STATE STREET.
SO IF ANYONE WISHES TO SPEAK ON
THIS PETITION, NOW'S YOUR
CHANCE.
PLEASE STATE YOUR NAME FOR THE
RECORD SIMELANE YOU'LL HAVE
THREE MINUTES.
I APOLOGIZE FOR ANY CONFUSION.
OH NO.
SO MY NAME IS LISA WALSH AND I
AM ONE OF THE CURRENT TENANTS
AT TWO ONE SIX NORTH STATE
STREET AND I JUST WANTED TO
POINT OUT KIND OF JUST THE
CHANGE IN THIS FOR PLAN AND HOW
I DON'T THINK THAT THIS IS A
FAIR DECISION TO BOTH THE
CURRENT TENANTS, THE
NEIGHBORHOOD AND THE FUTURE
TENANTS.
SO WHAT THEY'RE PROPOSING TO DO
IS THEY CURRENTLY HAVE SEVEN
ONE BEDROOM APARTMENTS AND THEY
ARE PLANNING TO CHANGE IT TO
THREE SIX BEDROOM APARTMENTS
AND THEN ONE FOUR BEDROOM
APARTMENTS.
SO THEY'RE THEY'RE INCREASING
THE NUMBER OF BEDROOMS FROM
SEVEN TO TWENTY TWO JUST ON
THIS ONE UNIT.
SO IT'S SIGNIFICANTLY MORE THAN
THE OTHER NONCONFORMING PLANS
THAT YOU DISCUSSED EARLIER.
I DON'T LIKE IF YOU LOOK AT THE
INDIVIDUAL PLANS LIKE I DON'T
THINK THAT IT'S LIKE FAIR TO
ANYBODY WHO WOULD BE MOVING IN
THERE IN THE FUTURE TO HAVE
THAT LITTLE SPACE AND I DON'T
THINK THAT IT WOULD BE OK FOR
THE FUTURE OF THE NEIGHBORHOOD
ALSO BECAUSE IN THE KOREATOWN
NEIGHBORHOOD IT'S LIKE A
HISTORIC NEIGHBORHOOD IN A LOT
OF THE APARTMENTS THAT ARE
CURRENTLY LOCATED IN THIS
APARTMENT LIKE MY BUILDING HAS
LIKE IT'S A VERY
HISTORIC
BUILDING LIKE THERE'S
FIREPLACES, THERE'S LIKE FRENCH
DOORS AND THEY'RE JUST GOING TO
KNOCK ALL OF THAT DOWN JUST TO
CREATE MORE SPACE SO THAT THEY
CAN JUST MAKE ADDITIONAL MONEY
OFF OF LIKE ANN ARBOR STUDENTS
WHICH I REALLY DON'T THINK IS
THE RIGHT DIRECTION FOR THIS
NEIGHBORHOOD TO GO INTO.
AND ANOTHER THING THAT I WANTED
TO POINT OUT IS WITH REGARDS TO
THE PARKING SITUATION, THERE
ALREADY IS VERY LIMITED PARKING
IN THE KOREATOWN NEIGHBORHOOD.
SO THEY OFFER LIKE MY CURRENT
TENANT OFFERS LIKE A COUPLE
OF DIFFERENT PARKING OPTIONS
FOR CURRENT TENANTS BUT I DON'T
THINK THAT THEY WOULD BE ABLE
TO OFFER ENOUGH FOR TWENTY TWO
NEW RESIDENTS AND THERE IS THE
OPTION TO HAVE STREET PARKING
BUT THERE'S NOT NEARLY ENOUGH
STREET PARKING IN THE
NEIGHBORHOOD.
SO I JUST THINK EVEN THOUGH I
KNOW YOU'VE BEEN ACCEPTING A
LOT OF THESE NEW CHANGES, I
DON'T THINK THAT THIS IS JUST
CORRECT FOR THE NEIGHBORHOOD
AND THE FUTURE OF THE TENANTS.
THANK YOU.
COULD YOU SIGN IN ALSO?
YES, OF COURSE.
ANYONE ELSE WHO WISHES TO SPEAK
ON THIS PETITION EITHER PERSON
OR IN ACCESSING REMOTELY PLEASE
STARLINER USE THE RAISED HAND
FEATURE.
THERE ARE NO ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU COURTNEY WITH THE
PUBLIC HEARING IS CLOSED AND WE
WILL SEE THIS PETITION IN THE
FUTURE.
MOVING ON, WE HAVE NO
UNFINISHED BUSINESS.
NEW BUSINESS REPORTS FROM
COUNCIL DARMA I'M NEW THIS
TIME.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL, COMMUNICATIONS WE DID
RECEIVE SOME LETTERS OF SUPPORT
FOR PETITIONS THAT WERE
POSTPONED SO WE WILL ADDRESS
THOSE WHEN THOSE PETITIONS COME
BACK TO US.
PUBLIC COMMENT IF THERE'S
ANYONE THAT WISHES TO MAKE ANY
COMMENTS, PLEASE COME FORWARD.
STATE YOUR NAME FOR THE RECORD
SIGN AND YOU'LL HAVE THREE
MINUTES RIGHT.
JEFF WISE?
I'D JUST LIKE TO AND JOHN HAS
SOME BACKGROUND ON THIS BUT MY
PETITION WAS DELAYED SEVERAL
MONTHS SO THERE WAS SOME
URGENCY TO GO AHEAD AND GET
THIS ACROSS THE FINISH LINE.
BUT GIVEN THE OUTCOME I FEEL
STRONGLY THAT WE SHOULD TABLE
THIS GIVEN THE OVERWHELMING
SUPPORT FROM FOR MOST OF THE
BOARD OR IF WE WERE SECOND OR
THIRD ON THE DOCKET WE
DEFINITELY WOULD HAVE MADE THE
CHOICE TO POSTPONE I GUESS THIS
IS OUR FIRST TIME DOING THIS SO
WE FULLY UNDERSTAND THE PROCESS
AND THE OUTCOME OF MAKING A
DECISION IN THE MOMENT HE HAD
LIKE TWO SECONDS TO MAKE THE
DECISION POSTPONING OR NOT AND
WE DID POSTPONE FROM JANUARY TO
FEBRUARY AND I'M READY TO MARCH
SO WE DIDN'T HAVE TO POSTPONE
TWICE ALREADY.
SO UNFORTUNATELY THE CASE WAS
HEARD AND THERE WAS A DECISION
RENDERED BUT I CAN CALL YOU
THIS WEEK AND WE CAN GO OVER
SOME OF YOUR OPTIONS THAT YOU
MAY HAVE GOT IT.
THANK YOU.
ANY OTHER COMMENTS THERE?
THANK YOU FOR COURTNEY UNLESS
ANYONE HAS ANYTHING TO HAVE A
MOTION TO ADJOURN MOTION TO
ADJOURN.
THANK YOU CHRIS.
SUPPORT SUPPORT.
THANK YOU DAVE.
ALL IN FAVOR.
I OPPOSED WE'RE ADJOURNED.
THANKS EVERYBODY.